planning facilitator is responsible for retro (#59)
tilt-dev/company: retros/README.md

- How we plan for the future
- How we work on internal systems

> The planning meeting facilitator for a given month is responsible for scheduling and running a retro that month. The facilitator chooses the topic(s)/meeting format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weekly company updates meeting facilitator for a given month is responsible for scheduling and running a retro that month. The facilitator chooses the topic(s)/meeting format.
```
